[Doc] Replace fields of xxx by xxx field (#1599)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/matrix.rst

Matrices
========

> - ``ti.Matrix`` is for small matrices (e.g. `3x3`) only. If you have `64x64` matrices, you should consider using a 2D sclar field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``ti.Matrix`` is for small matrices (e.g. `3x3`) only. If you have `64x64` matrices, you should consider using a 2D scalar field.
```

Declaration
-----------

As global matrix fields
+++++++++++++++++++++++

.. function:: ti.Matrix.field(n, m, dtype, shape = None, offset = None)

    :parameter n: (scalar) the number of rows in the matrix
    :parameter m: (scalar) the number of columns in the matrix
    :parameter dtype: (DataType) data type of the components

>     :parameter shape: (optional, scalar or tuple) shape the vector fields, see :ref:`tensor`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :parameter shape: (optional, scalar or tuple) shape of the vector fields, see :ref:`tensor`
```

>     :parameter shape: (optional, scalar or tuple) shape of the vector fields, see :ref:`tensor`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    :parameter shape: (optional, scalar or tuple) shape of the matrix field, see :ref:`tensor`
```

    :parameter offset: (optional, scalar or tuple) see :ref:`offset`

>     For example, this creates a 5x4 matrix field which has a 3x3 matrix on each entry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For example, this creates a 5x4 matrix field with each entry being a 3x3 matrix:
```

    ::

        # Python-scope
        a = ti.Matrix.field(3, 3, dtype=ti.f32, shape=(5, 4))

.. note::

>     In Python-scope, ``ti.field`` declares :ref:`scalar_tensor`, while ``ti.Matrix.field`` declares matrix fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In Python-scope, ``ti.field`` declares a :ref:`scalar_tensor`, while ``ti.Matrix.field`` declares a matrix field.
```

Accessing components
--------------------

> As global vector fields

Reviewer 2: ?? Maybe it's not your fault, let's fix by-the-way:
```suggestion
As global matrix fields
```

Author: Very nice! I checked my local repo and shows that this has been replaced... strange.

+++++++++++++++++++++++
.. attribute:: a[p, q, ...][i, j]

>     :parameter a: (ti.Matrix.field) the matrix field

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    :parameter a: (ti.Vector.field) the vector field
```

.. function:: a.transpose()

>     :parameter a: (ti.Matrix or ti.Matrix.field) the matrix
>     :return: (ti.Matrix or ti.Matrix.field) the transposed matrix of ``a``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    :parameter a: (ti.Matrix) the matrix
    :return: (ti.Matrix) the transposed matrix of ``a``.
```

.. function:: a.trace()

>     :parameter a: (ti.Matrix or ti.Matrix.field) the matrix

Reviewer 2: No please revert!!! det won't work on matrix fields.

    :return: (scalar) the trace of matrix ``a``.

    The return value can be computed as ``a[0, 0] + a[1, 1] + ...``.

.. function:: a.determinant()

>     :parameter a: (ti.Matrix or ti.Matrix.field) the matrix

Reviewer 2: No please revert!!! det won't work on matrix fields.

.. function:: a.inverse()

    :parameter a: (ti.Matrix or ti.Matrix.field) the matrix

>     :return: (ti.Matrix or ti.Matrix.field) the inverse of matrix ``a``.

Reviewer 2: No please revert!!! det won't work on matrix fields.
